Previously on "How To
Get Away With Murder"...
My son died,
and you're responsible.
You take this
to your grave.
We have to grieve him,
have a funeral.
No!
Sam: Vivian. Please.
I'll do anything
to meet him.
Hey.
I know what you're doing.
Lying about being
at your sister's.
Delete this e-mail.
No other kid is gonna
replace the one you lost.
You're a better guy
than you think.
What if I know something else
that'll help your case?
Connor: We only signed
because Agent Lanford
used Asher's murder
to coerce us.
Annalise has a recording
of you two claiming
I coerced you into
testifying against her.
Do we need to cuff you?
I know who started
the war against you.
Hannah hating me
isn't news, Vivian.
So you don't know.
Know what?
What happened
with her and Sam.
We found Xavier.
He confessed.
Said it was all the Governor.
[ Neck snaps ]
I took care of it.
You killed him?
The guy that was the key
to Annalise's whole case?!
Calm down.
We needed Xavier on the stand
to connect the governor --
He was never gonna confess
to that on the stand.
That wasn't your call
to make.
They're all my calls
from now on.
You hear me?
Is that right?
Well, we at least
got to go back
and deal with his body.
No, we'll leave him there.
What?
I got a plan,
and that means you do nothing
until I tell you.
That plan involve framing
me or Annalise for this?
Stop.
You played us before.
And I'll do it again if you
don't follow my lead here.
'Cause right now
I'm focused on the FBI.
[ Sighs ]
Annalise: You're the informants.
Admit it.
Admit that you agreed
to testify against me.
Michaela: Fine, it's us.
Connor: We only signed
because Agent Lanford
used Asher's murder
to coerce us.
And it worked.
We fell for it.
Explain.
She already knew we
were the informants.
How?
She's not an idiot.
That's why she called
Connor and me over.
So we decided to tell
her that you coerced us
to get her trust back.
You said yourself
to stay in her good graces.
And she can't use
that recording at her trial.
Pennsylvania
has two-party consent.
So you want to stay
with your current deal?
Yes, of course.
No.
Why?
You violated the terms
the second you outed
yourself as an informant.
Michaela:
But I'm still agreeing
to testify
against Annalise,
to say everything
you wanted.
How do I know you didn't
tell her other things
that weren't on
the recording?
We didn't tell her
anything else.
How can I be sure?
Because I'm telling
you right now
that I'm sticking to our deal.
Michaela will, too.
We'll testify to what happened
with Rebecca, ADA Sinclair...
The Hapstalls, Simon Drake.
Even that she coerced us
into Sam's murder.
Okay.
But first we have to
renegotiate new terms.
That means providing
additional testimony.
Michaela: We've already
told you everything we know.
And you don't have
a case without us.
This isn't your decision,
Michaela.
Agree to new terms,
or we'll charge you
with everything,
including
Asher's murder.
We didn't kill Asher.
Says you.
So, are you ready
to hear our new ask?
♪♪
Annalise: [ Sighs ]
There whiskey in there?
I'm sober.
And so are you, at least
the last time I checked.
Now talk.
What'd Hannah tell you?
[ Sighs shakily ]
This isn't something
she told me.
But you've been
talking to her.
[ Sighs ] Hannah called me
after Sam died.
She said you --
she thought
you were involved,
but I wasn't having it.
We haven't spoken since.
Why?
Because she doesn't know
about Gabriel.
And the last thing I wanted
was my son getting pulled
into her mess.
What mess?
Sam: Dear Vivian --
I know I'm the last person
you want to hear from
right now.
I couldn't live with myself
if I didn't at least try
to be in our son's life...
and your life.
So this is me trying.
But please know this.
I've never stopped
loving you.
All my love, Sam.
Can I play on the computer
a little before bed?
You know why you need
to go to sleep?
Because tomorrow
we're playing hooky.
Grandma wouldn't
like that.
I'm your mother --
even if I was gone
for a little bit,
and I'm back now,
and I'm offering you
some fun.
Unless you'd rather
go to school?
No way.
Just don't tell Grandma.
Now go to bed.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Keyboard clacking ]
[ Computer chimes ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Button clicks ]
Annie?
[ Sighs ] I got to do
some work downstairs.
For what?
Hannah just e-mailed me
a draft of a speech
for a conference and...
Right.
How about a date night
this weekend?
Go dancing.
Dancing?
I've still got moves.
You'll see.
Sure.
Just don't stay up
too late.
Vivian: He called me that night
and agreed to come visit.
You told me
that you and Sam
only talked on the phone
back then.
I lied.
So, how do I know
you're not lying
about everything else
right now?
Because you helped my son,
we -- we've built trust --
I don't trust you.
I'm telling you the truth now,
Annalise.
You want it or not?
[ Sighs ]
Hi.
Where's Gabriel?
Not here.
My mom took him away
for the weekend.
You invited me here
to meet him.
It's not fair to introduce
a boy to his father
and then take him away
a day later.
I'll stay here as long
as you'll have me.
'Cause we're -- we're about
to be the Brady Bunch
all of a sudden?
No.
How is it possible
you still love me?
You don't even
know me anymore.
That's some memory
you're in love with.
Or it's just a line
to get close to my son.
Our son.
DNA does not
make you a father.
[ Sighs ]
Okay, look.
I'll do anything
to know you again, Viv.
Annalise cheat on you with her
new therapist or something?
This has nothing
to do with her.
It's you, Viv.
I didn't know what we had
until it was too late.
Even now, I...
I still...feel it.
Let me give you
what you want.
Just tell me to stop.
♪♪
Mm.
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Kissing, moaning echoes ]
We even yet?
This isn't me bragging,
Annalise.
Sam slept with Lila, too.
God knows who else.
There's no surprise there --
"you lose 'em how you got 'em."
Think about how Sam always used
sex to get what he wanted --
Enough.
I'm guessing he did
the same thing with you.
Generous sometimes,
freaky others --
I don't want to do this.
You're --
That's how he played us.
And what woman do you think
he learned that from?
No.
Yes.
Sam told you that?
He didn't need to.
Get out.
Who was Sam closest to
his whole life?
And when their parents ignored
them their whole childhood?
Left them to fend
for themselves?
Hannah and Sam
were desperate for love.
So they found it
in each other.
Nate's probably at the FBI
right now. Telling Lanford
I killed Xavier.
He won't do that.
Why would he want me to
leave the body there?
I'll talk to him.
Come here.
[ Liquid drips ]
We should've never let him
see Xavier.
And what was your plan?
Beat him until he agreed
to testify?
[ Paper rips ]
When this is all over,
I don't gotta
be this guy anymore.
I just want you
to be you.
You're going to
help me with this.
Frank: Even if Vivian responds,
forget her, the kid.
[ Line rings ]
Hey, it's me.
What's wrong?
I just thought that,
since you're with your sister,
I could talk to her.
Why?
Uh, to thank her.
She's the one that got you
to come see me in jail,
so she's kind of responsible
for getting me out.
Hannah doesn't want
to talk to you, Frank.
Don't call here again.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Who's Frank?
He's a guy
who works for me.
He thinks
you're at Hannah's?
Yeah.
So that's how
this is gonna go?
Now I'm the mistress.
I'm gonna leave Annalise
no matter what happens here.
Then why haven't you?
You just want to make sure
you have me locked down first?
No.
We lost a baby.
He was 8 months along.
It was a car accident,
and, uh, Annie's...
she's still in grief.
When was this?
Did this just happen?
We were broken
before that, Viv.
No, stay there!
All this stuff about
loving me, Gabriel --
it's 'cause your
replacement kid died?
No. I messed up
when I left you, okay?
I'm messed up.
You damn straight.
I-I mean, I just --
I can't...
I-I can't get out of it.
It's...
Maybe it's...
it's still living
in that house.
Is that why you want
to be a father so bad?
So you can correct what happened
to you as a boy?
Is that so wrong?
Your parents neglected you,
Sam, yeah,
but at least
they gave you money.
Money is not love.
It's better
than getting your ass beat.
It wasn't a childhood, Viv.
What happened to me
and Hannah...
We weren't okay.
And now I-I feel like I've done
the same thing to Gabriel.
I neglected him.
So, please --
let me be in
both your lives.
[ Exhales sharply ]
♪♪
I told him no.
That whatever sickness
he felt inside,
he was not gonna
put on my son.
But the incest?
You just made that story up?
I did my research.
Incest comes out of neglect
a lot of the time.
Then when you think
about both him and Hannah
becoming psychologists,
that's so they could
try to understand it.
And I'm guessing she was
all up in your marriage
like she was in mine.
Wanting to talk
about Sam all the time,
asking questions
she shouldn't be asking --
I never let her anywhere
near my marriage.
Why?
Because you sensed
something extra
between them, right?
"Mistress"?
Is that still how
you see yourself, Annalise?
Better than the sister
obsessing her entire life
over her brother.
How's the saying go?
"Incest is best --
put your brother to the test"?
Go home.
Are you serious?
And take your son with you.
I mean it. I have nothing left
to give either of you.
[ Door opens ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Sighing ] Oh, boy.
Get out!
♪♪
[ Crickets chirping ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
Hey.
How was Hannah?
Great.
She's gonna bring
the house down
with her talk on Reactive
Attachment Disorder.
[ Smooches ]
Ew.
[ Chuckles ]
You two talk about me?
I'd be offended
if you didn't.
I know you two speak
the same quack language.
How many drinks
have you had?
I'm telling you
I want to listen,
and that's your response?
You're a lot more open
after a few drinks.
Who isn't?
I'm sorry, okay?
You don't have to say what
you think I want to hear.
How about we go upstairs
and I'll run a bath,
rub your feet, okay?
Mm.
Hmm?
And then we'll talk.
[ Door opens ]
[ Indistinct conversation ]
[ Groans ]
[ Door closes ]
You're home!
Just now.
Hungry?
We -- We got Lao's.
Annalise: Ooh.
Someone clean the table.
Frank and I got it.
Bonnie, can you, uh, grab
a couple wine glasses for us?
Mm-hmm.
You checking up on me?
I just wanted
to thank Hannah.
In what world
do I introduce my sister
to the man
who killed my son?
I'm sorry.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Yep.
Let's eat.
Just no one touch
my pork dumplings,
or I'll cut your hand off.
♪♪
Tell me you don't
believe this.
Anything's possible
at this point.
If Vivian's right,
it could help your case.
How?
Hannah started this whole
conspiracy against me --
getting the FBI or whoever else
to believe that I'm a killer --
because I stole her man.
No one's gonna buy that.
It's a jury trial.
They just need doubt.
No, they need proof
to have doubt.
That's why you're here.
Go to Xavier
and get him to admit
that he's been talking
to Hannah.
What?
Nate kind of screwed
things up with Xavier.
Nate,
Special Agent Pollock --
she runs point in our search
for Xavier Castillo.
[ Door closes ]
She knows you'd like
an update.
As would I,
if I were in your shoes.
Glad to finally meet.
Nate: And the FBI Agent?
Pollock?
She's Birkhead's, too.
Birkhead called
every shot.
What do you have for me?
Let's sit.
♪♪
Here you can see our
phone taps and ping registers
on all Xavier's relatives
and associates,
none of whom
he's contacted.
That's all you got?
For now.
Nate,
your Keating testimony
is likely to be
our best card at the trial,
so know that the FBI
is doing everything we can
to get you justice here.
♪♪
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
Hey.
Where the hell
have you been?
I went to the gym
for once.
Good morning to you,
too.
Put your best investigator
on Hannah Keating.
Find out
if she's been talking to
Xavier,
the FBI, governor...
Since when do you think
Hannah has that much power?
I don't.
Vivian does.
Vivian-the-junkie
is someone we trust now?
[ Sighs ]
It makes sense.
Okay, I know Hannah thinks
you killed her brother.
No, she thinks
I killed her lover.
Uh, okay.
Is this...
Are you drunk right now?
Tegan, if I were my attorney,
I would hang up this phone
and call my investigator
because I know how good
this would be for the trial.
You're right.
Yeah.
[ Cellphones click ]
[ Door closes ]
Agent Lanford:
You didn't eat your breakfast.
[ Inhales deeply ]
I want to
speak with Connor.
No.
But I'm here if you want
to talk about the deal.
Are you dirty?
Because this deal
is full of lies.
Lies?
You know exactly
what I'm talking about.
And, yes,
I agreed to tell one lie.
No one has ever
asked you to lie.
You're asking me
to commit perjury times ten.
Take more time to think.
Can I have my phone?
I haven't called
my lawyer yet
because I thought we could
fix this in good faith.
I'll call her myself.
[ Door opens ]
[ Door closes ]
Just give me one good reason
why you can't leave.
You think the FBI
can't find me in Chicago?
Of course they can. I just --
I would be there to protect you.
From the Feds?
You came here to find out
what happened to Sam.
But guess what.
We might never know,
baby.
And if there's any wisdom
I've gained in my messy life,
especially
from your father,
it's that you have to
let go of the past.
♪♪
Is this more about me?
Because I was such
a bad mother?
You weren't a bad mother.
I was an addict, baby.
My sickness hurt you.
But I'm here now.
And I will dive in front
of any bullet headed your way.
I just need you
to give me that chance.
You ever think about what
would've happened if --
if Sam would've
stayed with you?
Where the three of us
would be?
Honestly, I think
we're both lucky he left.
There's just some people
you can't save.
But you're not him, baby.
[ Cellphone rings ]
Hello?
Frank: This Vivian?
Who's this?
Were you with Sam
this weekend?
If you ever
talk to him again,
I'm coming for you
and your kid.
♪♪
Is this Frank?
Who was that?
Some bookie.
My dad's underwater,
so I had to put
the fear of God in him.
So that has nothing to do
with that conversation
between you and Sam
last night?
Me and Sam
got our own relationship,
just like the two of you.
So that was therapy?
Our version.
Speaking of...
my messed-up family,
you want to meet 'em Wednesday?
It's ziti night.
They're dying to meet you.
[ Keychain clacks ]
[ Muffled thud ]
[ Sighs ]
What happened?
Sam:
You knew about this?!
I was suspicious,
but now you got confirmation.
And you're not disturbed?
They're two twenty-somethings
locked in this house all day.
Bonnie is not your typical
20-something.
She's lonely, Sam,
and Frank is good-looking.
He's an ex-con.
Who you encouraged me
to get out of jail.
Who knows,
Bonnie may be good for him.
No, he's not good for her,
is more my concern.
How do you know?
Are you kidding?
She's an abuse survivor, yeah,
but that doesn't mean
that she can't mess around
with a guy every now and then.
She knows herself that Frank
is not right for her.
Well, who's right for her
beside you?
Excuse me?
This isn't you
being jealous?
We're talking about Bonnie.
One bad experience
could set her back decades.
Is that what
your books say?
Which means that you know more
than someone who's
actually experienced
what Bonnie has gone through?
I have personal experience
with this, too, Annie.
Your parents left you and
Hannah alone in a big house
because they didn't
like having kids.
That's not rape.
Look.
All I'm saying is that Bonnie
deserves love, too.
Of course.
But love and abuse often feel
like the same thing.
And these two together...
it's not okay.
[ Telephone rings ]
♪♪
Can you sit your ass down?
Know what would help me
not spin out?
If you let me get rid
of Xavier's body.
Do nothing.
And stop leaving
your blood everywhere.
So, maybe Vivian's
not crazy.
Lou dug up
Hannah's phone records.
They place her in Philly
on four occasions
in the past year,
some near
the FBI building.
This isn't enough.
It proves she's probably
hounding the FBI
to come after you.
We need proof
of her and Sam.
And how the hell
do we get that?
What about my Aunt Bev?
Your Aunt Bev knows my sister
Hannah from high school.
I could go talk to her.
And ask her if Hannah
confessed to incest?
Okay. I'll go back to Lou,
see what else he can dig up.
At least let me
go talk to Nate.
Sit.
I can't stop!
Oh, my God!
Oh, please. Oh!
[ Horn honks ]
Help!
♪♪
[ Cellphone clicks ]
[ Ringing ]
It's Lahey.
Yeah, I need to get some
traffic-cam footage from you.
Corner of 21st and Spring.
[ Knock on door ]
I'll call you back.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
♪♪
Frank said
you had a plan.
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
We can put
a deadline on this, Connor.
Would that help you
make a decision?
Me not talking
isn't a strategy.
I just don't care anymore.
Well, here's what I can do
to make you care.
Since you're unhappy
with your current deal,
we can add your husband
as a co-defendant.
Computer trespass and hacking,
cyber fraud, breach of privacy,
forgery, criminal mischief,
destruction of evidence.
I might go to prison,
but the whole time
I'm in there,
I'm gonna work
to expose you
as the corrupt agent
who disgraced the FBI.
Bonnie: This isn't who you are.
I can see it
in your eyes.
And what can you see?
I think you hate the idea
of letting Annalise win.
This ain't got nothing
to do with beating Annalise.
It's about beating
the governor.
Taking out Xavier --
just the start.
You want to be Frank.
You're not.
You're just
destroying yourself.
♪♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
Nate, it's starting to feel
like I'm working for you.
What's this?
Traffic-cam photo
from the night
of Bonnie Winterbottom's
car accident.
That photo puts Pollock two
blocks away, exact same time.
Winterbottom's part
of our investigation.
It's Pollock's job
to tail her sometimes.
The brakes went out--
According to Winterbottom,
somebody we both know has
a history of suicide ideation.
Or you got a corrupt agent
working for the Castillos.
You in on it, too?
Not everybody here
wanted me to offer you
an immunity deal, Nate.
You want to
change your mind?
Do you?
Because you were at the same
wedding as D.A. Miller
the night he was murdered.
Circumstantial evidence.
I've convicted people
with less.
Not people you need to testify
against Annalise Keating.
Now, if you're as clean
as you claim,
look into Pollock.
Or who knows
what I'll say on the stand.
[ Knock on door ]
♪♪
Nate come to
his senses?
He thinks
he knows better.
Like all the idiot men
in our lives.
Why are we down here?
You and Bonnie are over.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Well, that's not for
you to decide.
Her father raped her,
Frank.
Started when she was 5 --
he'd record it, sell it.
Her mom knew.
They took money from people,
sold her.
Well, you like her, sure,
but do you really have
what it takes
to be there for her?
Now, not for a few months,
a year, but for a life.
Because you know yourself,
what kind of guy you are,
the real you...
and you'll destroy her.
[ Metal clinking ]
Bonnie:
You leaving already?
[ Sighs ]
I'm not feeling so hot.
Do you have a fever?
Frank?
Them finding out, it --
it makes things
too complicated.
[ Scoffs ]
If that's
what this is about,
I don't have
to keep interning here.
I'm not a serious guy, Bon.
You know that.
And I'd probably
eventually cheat, so...
You'll find someone better.
I know it.
♪♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
[ Keyboard clacking ]
[ Knock on door,
keyboard clacks ]
Come in.
What happened?
[ Voice breaking ]
Frank.
I'm so stupid.
No.
It's why
I didn't tell you,
'cause I knew
this would happen.
No.
[ Sniffles ]
You're not stupid.
You're brave.
[ Sighs ]
The girl I first met would've
never even let herself
think about
a relationship or love.
'Cause that's
the hardest part,
believing you deserve it.
But you deserve
more than anyone, Bonnie.
And leave Frank's
dumbass to me.
I'll teach him.
[ Sniffles ]
Tegan, tell Lou that I said
to do whatever he can
to get his hands on
the yearbooks,
doctor records, whatever.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
They found nothing.
Did Sam say anything to you
in your sessions?
No.
You sure?
Look, I know how much
you want to believe Vivian,
but there's a really good
chance none of this is true.
I know.
Problem is
I believe her.
He was so good with us.
That's because he was us.
[ Door opens ]
You okay?
Was it you?
You tell Frank
to break up with Bonnie?
[ Sighs ]
No.
But I'm not gonna
pretend to be upset.
[ Sighs ]
Bonnie...
Bonnie will be okay.
She's strong.
I'll get us a refill.
[ Sighs ]
What's this?
They're his ashes.
I thought we could spread them
at my parents' gravesite.
Just the two of us.
Or...
a minister if you want.
I don't want
any part of it.
Why?
Because every time
you bring him up,
I can feel you blaming me.
You didn't do this!
How many times
can I tell you that?
You don't mean it!
I can feel you
avoiding me.
You can't even stand
to be alone with me.
You blame me for asking you to
have a baby in the first place.
Yeah, I do.
Okay, so it's my fault
that we're buried
under this grief, okay?
That way, you don't
have to feel anything.
I'm in constant pain.
That's all I feel.
You're not the only one in pain,
though, Annie!
Our son died,
I am his father,
and I failed
to protect him.
Me.
And I...
[ Sighs ]
You what?
You want a hug?
[ Liquor pours ]
You want Mammy to hold you,
tell you everything's
gonna be okay?
I want my wife to do that!
Well, I'm too tired
holding myself!
I'm alone here trying to
inch my way back to life,
and-- and you keep running off
to cry to your sister.
So I'm the villain now.
No, I-- that's not what I mean.
Because you're perfect,
as always.
No, I'm a mess.
And, apparently, that's why
you fell in love with me,
and now you can't
handle it.
Because I'm not
perfect either!
Well, I don't want you
to be perfect.
I want you to be honest.
And what if there are things
that you don't want to know?
What then?
I want to know.
You say that now,
but what if --
what if there are things
that you can't accept, Annie?
Like what? Huh?
You hate me?
Stop.
What else could there be,
huh?
You're not attracted to me
anymore? I'm ruined for you--
I'm the one
who's ruined, okay?
I'm broken.
We're all broken, Sam.
I'm broken in ways
you can't fix.
I am, too.
And now it...
It feels too late for me,
Annie, I mean it.
[ Sighs ]
Well, if it's too late
for you,
then it's too late
for me, too.
Because all I wanna
do is give up.
Die.
I'm fighting to get back
the life we had, Sam.
I...
I can't do it alone.
Or do you not
love me anymore?
All I want to do is love you.
[ Agnes Obel's
"Camera's Rolling" plays ]
Annalise:
Why did we love him?
Because he understood us.
It was his gift...
getting us to see
that we were just children,
that we weren't to blame.
But it was his trauma, too.
Hannah was older,
he might've been a boy.
But there was no one
to tell him that.
He could heal others,
but he couldn't heal himself.
♪ ...rolling ♪
[ Sniffles ]
♪ What will you do ♪
[ Sighs ]
♪ That you can't undo? ♪
[ Box closes ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Crying ]
None of this makes
what he did okay.
I know.
But it makes me see him.
[ Voice breaking ] And I don't
know what to do with that.
[ Door closes ]
♪ The gun is loaded ♪
[ Sighs ]
What's going on
in that head?
I'm leaving here knowing
less than when I came.
Not true.
You know yourself better.
Do I?
What I know about you...
is that you are loyal
and good and strong,
to the point
that you stuck with me
even when
I didn't deserve it.
So thank you.
No, thank you.
Do you think I would be
this loyal or strong or good
if it wasn't for all the
hardship that we went through?
You made me me.
Not him.
You find something?
Sure.
Just not what you want.
Hannah's school records
and yearbooks.
Lou even talked to some of her
friends from field hockey.
All any of it proves
is that she was
an ambitious, normal,
seemingly boring, young woman.
What's this?
Her report card --
I mean, why did she miss 83 days
of school in her senior year?
Mono.
Doctor's records verify it.
Unless they were lying.
Lying about what?
Another reason to miss that much
school is if you're --
if you're pregnant.
♪♪
Oliver: [ Sighs ]
You don't know how hard it was
for me to not call your father.
I would've killed you.
No, I know.
I just thought the only reason
you'd be held so long
is if you were being
interrogated or tortured --
We were being tortured.
Just not physically.
Mm, true.
But you both got to keep
your original deals.
That just shows
how tough you both are.
[ Sighs ]
Then why do I feel like ass?
[ Sighs ] Seriously.
I'm going to bed.
Hey.
I'm proud of us.
So am I.
[ Gulps ]
What?
I lied.
About?
I signed a new deal.
[ Neoni's "Fallout" plays ]
Yeah. Okay.
Thanks, Lou.
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Nothing ties Hannah
to any local maternity wards
or hospitals
at the time.
Birth certificates?
Nothing.
Unless we're looking
at the wrong month.
She was back in school
March 5th.
So she must've had the baby
in February.
Or March, and then
she went right back.
♪ Fate is upon us,
the changing of times ♪
♪ Welcome blood-red skies ♪
♪ Burn in the wake
of a world left behind ♪
Who was born in March,
Annalise?
Frank: Hey.
Talk to me.
♪ Can't escape the fallout ♪
What if Sam wasn't the
bad guy this whole time?
Of course he was.
If any of this is true,
with Hannah...
♪ Can't escape the fallout ♪
...he was abused.
No. He abused us.
He made me
break up with you.
So think about how much
time he stole from us.
I'll never forgive
him for that.
♪ Can't escape the fallout ♪
♪ Feel the fire rain down ♪
♪ See the shadows
rising all around ♪
This is my client's written
authorization --
it states she wants
this sample tested
against her husband,
Sam Keating, deceased.
Mr. Keating's DNA is on file
from the Lila Stangard
murder investigation.
I'll need this on a rush.
Okay, but we are
beyond backed up.
Would two grand help?
Appreciate that.
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
[ Cellphone clicks ]
Hey.
Agent Lanford:
I have to apologize.
About?
You were right.
Pollock's been
in direct contact
with the Castillos
for nearly a year.
Which means you clearly have
insight into things I don't.
So, you want to come
down here and tell me
what else I don't know?
I've told you
everything I know.
You gotta do the rest
of the work yourself.
[ Click ]
[ Cellphone clicks ]
[ Cellphone buzzing ]
[ Door closes ]
Bonnie: What's wrong?
I have proof that Hannah
and Sam slept together.
What is it?
A child.
I ran a DNA test against Sam,
and the sample was a match.
A match for who?
Tegan: Who was born
in March, Annalise?
♪ ...rising all around ♪
Tell me who!
♪ Can't escape the fallout ♪
♪ Fallout ♪
Tegan and Bonnie: Who is it?
Frank.
♪♪